Wow... Loved this place.	1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
The fries were great too.	1
A great touch.	1
Service was very prompt.	1
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
Highly recommended.	1
The food, amazing.	1
Service is also cute.	1
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
So they performed.	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
Their chow mein is so good!	1
The portion was huge!	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
This place has it!	1
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Omelets are to die for!	1
Everything was fresh and delicious!	1
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
Will be back again!	1
Food arrived quickly!	1
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
Sooooo good!!	1
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
Good prices.	1
Check it out.	1
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
this place is good.	1
I was seated immediately.	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
Bacon is hella salty.	1
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
Interesting decor.	1
What I really like there is the crepe station.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
Very friendly staff.	1
It is worth the drive.	1
I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
Great brunch spot.	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Extremely Tasty!	1
Waitress was good though!	1
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	1
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	1
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
Very very fun chef.	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
Owner's are really great people.!	1
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Fantastic service here.	1
They know how to make them here.	1
I hope this place sticks around.	1
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	1
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	1
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.	1
You can't beat that.	1
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
This place is amazing!	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	1
Good Service-check!	1
In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	1
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
Fantastic food!	1
The food was very good.	1
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
You won't be disappointed.	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	1
I love this place.	1
Great service and food.	1
OMG, the food was delicioso!	1
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
Pretty good beer selection too.	1
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
It was delicious!!!	1
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Best fish I've ever had in my life!	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
Pretty cool I would say.	1
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.	1
They have great dinners.	1
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	1
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	1
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	1
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Service was fantastic.	1
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
No complaints!	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
We loved the biscuits!!!	1
Service is quick and friendly.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
definitely will come back here again.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
I'd love to go back.	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
Food was so gooodd.	1
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
We loved the place.	1
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	1
Love the margaritas, too!	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Very good, though!	1
Great pork sandwich.	1
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I LOVED it!	1
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
How awesome is that.	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Waitress was sweet and funny.	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	1
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
Those burgers were amazing.	1
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
Everything was good and tasty!	1
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
Nice ambiance.	1
I would recommend saving room for this!	1
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!	1
I *heart* this place.	1
A good time!	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Generous portions and great taste.	1
Food was delicious!	1
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	1
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
The food is good.	1
It was awesome.	1
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
An absolute must visit!	1
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
They really want to make your experience a good one.	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
Pretty awesome place.	1
Ambience is perfect.	1
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
This is a good joint.	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
Great food.	1
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Both great!	1
Eclectic selection.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
The staff was very attentive.	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
I promise they won't disappoint.	1
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
Awesome service and food.	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
Damn good steak.	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
Good food , good service .	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
will definitely be back!	1
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!	1
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	1
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
This is a GREAT place to eat!	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
The block was amazing.	1
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
And service was super friendly.	1
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
I love this place.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
They were excellent.	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
The food came out at a good pace.	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
The price is reasonable and the service is great.	1
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	1
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	1
I love their fries and their beans.	1
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	1
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
I had strawberry tea, which was good.	1
Overall, a great experience.	1
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	1
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
